Tell how to generate an SSH key (#1134)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/proc_accessing-a-git-repository-via-ssh.adoc

To generate an SSH key pair that only works with a particular Git provider:

> . Run the *SSH: generate key pair for particular host* command. Do this by pressing 'F1' to bring up the dialogue box, then begin typing 'generate'.  You will be given options for SSH key generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the *SSH: generate key pair for particular host* command. Do this by pressing kbd:[F1] to open the command dialogue box, then begin typing `generate`. You will be given options for SSH key generation.
```
